NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
CLAY:
A donation
for the Cacuzza charity fund.
And a case of Glocks
for your trouble.
Yeah, that works.
[DANNY FARRANT & PAUL RAWSON'S
"MOTHERLESS CHILD" PLAYING]
Okay.
What are you doing with Lowen?
You divorcing Jax?
You're planning on
some kind of custody coup?
What I do
is none of your business.
Bitch!
Aah!
GEMMA: Jesus.
UNSER: What the hell?
My baby. Look what you did.
I didn't do that.
Yes, you did. We all saw it.
I don't ever want her
near our children again.
Promise me.
JAX:
I promise.
You will never
see those kids again.
Grandma is dead.
You know it's not you
who deserves to be in jail.
Full immunity for the proof
of the gunrunning.
It's the only offer you'll get.
I don't need
to think about an offer.
JAX:
I'm here to make you an offer.
Galen O'Shay. I will deliver him
with a shipment of guns.
Open and shut.
What's in it for you?
Immunity.
For the MC
for all gun charges,
past and present.
And I figure you also have
a personal request.
You need to look
at Tara's case again.
You should go back, take
another look at what happened.
Find the truth in all this.
You think my wife is a liar?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Break it up.
Stop it! Jackson!
Honey, it was all a lie.
The pregnancy, the miscarriage.
Tara wants out, Jax,
from you, the club.
This is the truth,
and if she won't tell you,
you need to find someone
who will.
Is Tara divorcing me?
Yes.
And taking my sons?
JAX:
Get out!
LOWEN [OVER PHONE]:
Tara, it's Ally Lowen.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
[CAR APPROACHING]
[DOOR CLOSES]
TARA:
No.
Thomas?
Oh, God.
Abel?
JAX:
You should let him sleep.
Hi, sweetie.
There'll be someone
watching you.
Don't try to take them
anywhere.
What are you gonna do?
I don't know.
I can't see anything
right now.
If I don't put
some distance here,
someone's gonna get hurt.
[KATEY SAGAL
& THE FOREST RANGERS'
"FOR A DANCER" PLAYING]
♪ Keep a fire burning
In your eye ♪
♪ Pay attention
To the open sky ♪
♪ You never know
What will be coming down ♪
♪ I don't remember
Losing track of you ♪
♪ You were always dancing
In and out of view ♪
♪ I must have thought
You'd always be around ♪
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
♪ Always keeping things real
By playing the clown ♪
♪ Now you're nowhere
To be found ♪
♪ Don't know what happens
When people die ♪
♪ Can't seem to grasp it
As hard as I try ♪
♪ It's like a song I can hear
Playing right in my ear ♪
♪ That I can't sing ♪
♪ Can't help listening ♪
♪ Can't help feeling stupid
Standing round ♪
♪ Crying
As they ease you down ♪
♪ 'Cause I know that ♪
♪ You'd rather
We were dancing ♪
♪ Dancing our sorrows away ♪
♪ Right on dancin' ♪
♪ Keep a fire
For the human race ♪
♪ Let your prayers go drifting
Into space ♪
♪ You never know
What will be coming down ♪
♪ Perhaps a better world
Is drawing near ♪
♪ And just as easy
It could all disappear ♪
♪ Along with whatever meaning
You might have found ♪
♪ Don't let the uncertainty
Turn you around ♪
♪ Go on and make
A joyful sound ♪
♪ Into a dancer
You have grown ♪
♪ From a seed
Somebody else has thrown ♪
♪ Go on ahead ♪
♪ And throw some seeds
Of your own ♪
♪ And somewhere
Between the time you arrive ♪
♪ And the time you go ♪
♪ May lie a reason
You were alive ♪
♪ But you'll never know ♪
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
Your lawyer say why?
CLAY:
Guess the judge wants to get out
ahead of all the bad press
been falling on my club.
Ain't easy pulling a jury
that ain't been exposed
to all that shit, man.
Yeah, I know.
No.
What the hell happened?
Shrink double-dipped.
Gave me to the guard
I went off on.
How'd you land
back in gen pop?
They yanked me out
to have a chat with my lawyer.
My trial's been moved up.
Yeah. They cart me off
to county tomorrow.
Shit. That's a problem.
Yes, it is.
You tell Galen.
You have him reach out to Jax.
You able to make
those business calls?
Yeah, it's all in play.
I had my lawyer
get my old lady down here.
I'll take care
of my personal shit,
but you tell Galen he has got
to make this happen tomorrow.
All right?
Pope was capital.
That guilty verdict
can send me anywhere.
And then all this goes away.
I'll pass it along.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Yes?
MARGARET:
It's Margaret.
Hi.
I saw the boys were in day care.
I was hoping you might be here.
Yeah.
Just looking at...
lawyer résumés.
Why? What happened?
Jax knows the truth.
He threatened Lowen,
and she...
told him everything.
What did he do?
Well, he didn't hurt her.
Me either.
And I don't know
what pushed him at Lowen.
Gemma.
She came here yesterday.
Said she knew
I forged documents to help you.
Threatened to tell
the hospital.
She was bluffing,
but my response
was too cavalier. I--
She knew
I was protecting you.
What happened?
I told her
she couldn't prove anything.
She said she didn't have to,
that her son would.
She just needed a more
reliable source than a junkie.
Wendy must have talked.
I was afraid
to go home last night, Tara.
I told Dave that I had
to work through the night,
and I stayed here
where I knew
there were guards.
No. No, Jax got his information
from Lowen.
I really doubt
he'd bother you.
I can't take that chance.
I'm sorry.
Um...
I've got three weeks of vacation
and comp time,
and I'm gonna take them.
I'm gonna stay with my sister
in Sedona.
I understand.
No. I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Please be careful.
WOMAN:
Thank you.
Hey.
Wasn't sure
if you'd make it.
I'm here.
Showed up this morning.
Diosa Del Sur
Escorts and Massage,
officially in business.
Ah, that's great.
COLETTE:
Yes, it is.
Thank you, gentlemen.
I'm not sure what happened,
but no more fighting.
I'll have Lyla
come sit down with the girls.
Get their info, make sure
we have everyone's W-9s.
Weed out anyone who's not up
to Diosa's very high standards.
Something like that.
You want me to put this
someplace, sweetie?
No. I got it, darling.
Thank you.
I'm just gonna crash here
for a few nights,
if you don't mind.
Of course not. Come on.
Put your stuff in my room
for now.
JAX:
I appreciate that.
Any reason why
you're not sleeping at home?
Ah, you don't wanna know.
You're probably right.
Hey.
What's going on?
I got a Clay thing.
We've got an Irish thing.
Use my office.
Thanks.
Gemma Teller.
Colette Jane. Pleasure.
That's what I hear.
Clay wants to see me.
Lawyer says he can get me in
this afternoon.
Did he say why?
Papers he wants signed,
something like that.
It's probably just an excuse
for a sit-down.
What's going on
with the Irish?
It's okay.
He knows most of it.
Okay. Galen's in town.
Says we have to see him,
Nor-U-Bev, in 20 minutes.
Got any idea
what it might be?
No.
We should get going.
The bridge is gonna be jammed.
I got something
I need to tell you and Nero.
TIG: You want us to split?
JAX: No.
I want you to hear this too.
I talked to Lowen
last night.
I got some truth
about what happened with Tara.
She was never pregnant.
Tara set up my mom.
Made it look
like a miscarriage
so that I would sign off
on Gemma
never becoming legal guardian
of our sons.
She wants to divorce me.
She wants full custody,
and she was gonna split.
BOBBY:
Jesus.
What about jail?
Well, if she served time,
she was gonna make sure
Wendy became the guardian
and that she got my sons
out of Charming.
I'm sorry
I didn't believe you.
How could you?
I'm so sorry, honey.
JAX:
I'm sorry, man.
I know, mano. It's okay.
What do you wanna do,
brother?
I got West
watching Tara right now.
Making sure
she doesn't go anywhere.
None of this makes sense to me
right now.
I just think
I need a couple days,
figure it out.
She doesn't know West.
Might be better if she had
a familiar face behind her.
Keep her motivated
to stay close to home.
I can watch her.
Yeah? Thanks.
We're here, man.
Let us know
if you need anything.
All right,
let's just get out of here.
You handle this?
Yeah, I got it.
I'm sorry.
You be careful with Clay.
I'll be fine.
Be careful
with the Butcher of Belfast.
I'll try to stay
in one piece.
I'll see you later.
JAX:
Yeah, you will.
How long's he been
dipping into that?
Not long.
He's working out
his mommy issues.
[CHUCKLES]
How about you, pimp daddy?
You wanna work out
some mommy issues?
Hey, that's why
I'm with you, Mommy.
[CHUCKLES]
Let me spank that brown ass.
Be careful.
GALEN:
Consider it handled.
We'll talk when it's done.
They're here now.
CONNOR:
Jackson.
Thanks for coming
on such short notice.
JAX:
Yeah.
So, what's so important?
It's all about the timing, son.
Heard Clay made his calls?
Yup. Everyone's locked down
except the Italians.
Cacuzza's undecided.
That's your biggest customer.
Three families, two territories.
I know.
He's weighing an offer
from the Chinese.
I thought Jimmy was loyal
to Clay.
JAX:
He is.
Just trying to make us
do a little dance
for their business.
So when do you talk?
HAPPY:
We're on our way from here.
Cacuzza's meeting with us first.
Then the Lin family.
I figured we'd show him
some of the new mods.
GALEN:
Already assembled.
Got nine cases of the AKs
with the new scopes and grips.
We can bring them to the meet,
help you close the deal.
That's okay.
I'll get Cacuzza on board.
GALEN:
No doubt. But just take Connor.
Shows respect.
Lets them know how much
we value their business.
It makes sense.
I'll let you run it.
No time for discussion, son.
We need to close the deal today.
What's the big rush?
Why I asked you here.
Clay's trial
has been moved up.
They transport him tomorrow.
[SIGHS]
Shit.
GALEN: Aye.
Complicates our plan.
Gonna need some help.
[SCOFFS]
We're not part
of taking down that transport.
I have the vehicles,
the route, the plan.
It'll happen without a hitch.
I can't get a crew here in time.
Need about six of your men.
And what if we say no?
You really can't, Jackson.
Take it to your table,
have one of your votes,
but we both need this
to happen.
Moves guns forward for us,
puts them behind you.
All right,
I'll get you an answer.
Have a few more details
to lock down.
Then I can bring you all
up to speed.
Yeah, okay.
So, what?
What do we do about Clay?
I don't think
we have much of a choice.
We don't have time
to take it to the table.
If we don't wanna do this,
we gotta find somebody who will.
I'll call T-M, get the vote.
Jax, Galen's a lunatic,
but he's smart, man.
No matter what the plan is,
they're not gonna
put themselves at risk.
I know. That's the problem.
Irish will die
before they get caught.
CHIBS:
Aye.
And if this shit
goes sideways,
they're gonna blast
a very bloody way out.
We're so damn close.
I don't want our last push
out of guns
to end
in a pile of dead cops.
TIG:
It won't, brother.
[SIGHS]
HAPPY:
Yeah. No, I know. I know.
Uh-huh.
All right. All right, late.
Talked with everyone.
They're good
with helping the Irish.
Okay.
Looks like we're in.
Door's almost shut, brother.
Yeah, yeah.
Either one would be good.
Nothing sooner?
Okay. No, no, no, I can't.
I can-- I did.
Okay, okay, okay, thanks.
Just forget it.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Shit.
TARA:
I know you're in there, Wendy.
[SIGHS]
Hey. What's going on?
I know you told Gemma
everything.
What do you think
happens now? Hmm?
To both of us.
Can't be any worse than anything
that's already happened.
Jesus Christ.
Are you high?
No.
I'm just trying to get
on the other side of it now.
Jax...
knows everything.
Do you know
what that means?
He'll have the claim
against Gemma thrown out,
and she'll get custody
of my boys if I go to jail.
I'm sorry.
No.
What were you thinking?
I wasn't.
What the hell
does that mean?
It means, Tara, if I were
capable of being a mother,
I never would've agreed
to help you.
Because it was wrong.
Well, your Hazleton hindsight
doesn't help me right now.
Thanks, I get it.
Look,
I don't wanna use again.
I'm just trying to get myself
into sober living
or rehab or anything.
God, Tara,
you gotta come clean.
Just talk to Jax,
talk to Gemma.
They already know
the truth.
They don't know
your truth.
Tell them
why you really did this.
Let them see the pain
you've been in.
And then what?
Beg them for forgiveness?
No. Just stop lying.
It's the right thing.
Everything I did was right.
Tara, I'm sorry.
Stop it.
You are not sorry.
Do you know why you're not
capable of being a mother?
Because you're a coward.
I'm not afraid of them.
Not anymore.
What is that supposed to mean?
It means you're
a stupid, weak junkie.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[CAR ENGINE STARTS]
Shit.
Crazy bitch.
Jimmy.
How are you, man?
Ah, we're okay.
Not too thrilled about having
to put on a gun-and-pony show.
CACUZZA:
I know.
But I got a lot of years
sitting around
my table too, Jax.
Aldo's known old man Lin
since before you were born.
I gotta honor that,
talk to Henry and his uncle,
at least hear
what they got to say.
Irish?
Yeah.
Yeah, they wanted to be here.
Show respect.
Mr. Cacuzza.
Galen O'Shay, Connor Malone.
Pleasure.
CACUZZA: Gentlemen.
Made quite a commute
for this sales call.
We think your business
is worth it.
Wow. I should do this
more often.
You guys are great
for my esteem.
What do we got?
JAX:
Handguns you know.
Glocks are full auto
with the extended clips.
AKs are original
Russian stock.
Fully updated,
new action, quick load.
Military handles?
GALEN: Aye.
Absorb 50 percent
more recoil.
It's the new Elcan scope.
BOBBY:
Yo, Jax. Chinese.
Try the scope.
Can split a Protestant hair
from three blocks away.
Ah, good Catholic boy.
Yeah. That feels good.
They work even better
on flesh.
Put it down! Down!
Chibs, don't.
Go! Go! Go!
[SPEAKS IN CHINESE]
What the hell was that?
That was just me
letting you know
how much we want
your business, Jimmy.
Apologies for the blood,
but a strong message was needed.
I'm sure you can understand
the importance of that.
Mm.
What message was that?
We're the only source for guns
in Northern California.
Lin knew that.
That kind of undermines
the free-market strategy
that we were attempting here.
GALEN:
We have better guns,
better price.
Did you know
this was going down?
No, this wasn't the way
I planned
to get your business, Jimmy.
GALEN:
You've been paying
20 percent above cost.
I'll drop it to 10
for the next year
while Clay
makes the transition.
After that it tops out
at 18 percent.
This is gonna upset
some of my people.
Ten percent for 18 months.
Then it jumps to 15.
Two years at 10 percent.
Then it jumps to 12.
Fair enough.
Do we have a deal?
Yeah. I think I can make
everyone understand.
Excellent.
Throw the body in the car.
CONNOR:
Go get it.
Did you discuss the new
arrangements with your table?
Yeah, we're good with that.
But this shit?
This is a complication.
GALEN:
No, it's not.
Gentlemen. Been a pleasure.
I didn't know
this was coming.
Sorry.
CACUZZA:
Your partner knows
how to close a sale.
JAX:
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Now you know
why we're getting out.
Don't sweat it, kid.
I was never gonna go
with the Chinks.
Try to get ahold of Lin
or the old man.
We need to clean
this shit up.
CHIBS:
Trust me, I'm on it.
There's no way Lin's gonna
believe we didn't plan this.
We burn the Chinese,
things are gonna jump off
in Oakland.
Then what happens?
Then we lose the balance.
UNSER:
I just got a call from Wendy.
Tara went to her place.
Very pissed off.
Said she seemed unraveled.
What does that mean?
I don't know,
but we just sent Rat
to pick up Juice
and his bike.
Tara backed over him
to lose the tail.
Damn.
Where are the boys?
They're still at day care.
GEMMA: Is Juice okay?
Yeah. He's just pissed.
All right, tell Rat to take
Juice down to St. Thomas.
Keep an eye on those boys.
Yeah.
I think I'd better be the one
to go look for Tara.
I think you should check
on Wendy.
She didn't sound so good.
High?
Uh, sick.
No, you gotta go check on Wendy.
I gotta go see Clay.
What do you do about Tara?
Let her unravel.
Maybe I should go with you,
talk to Wendy.
Junkie to junkie.
Yeah, if you want.
I'll drive.
In that?
Come on, Wayne, it'll get you
in touch with your inner cholo.
I had that removed
with my spleen.
That's a little
cancer humor.
Right.
I'll call Rat.
GEMMA:
Just a heads-up:
He's kind of in love with me.
Have fun.
[LOCK CLICKING]
I didn't know
anyone was here.
What do you want?
Coming by to get
some of the boys' things.
Just in case they need
to spend some time at Grandma's.
Yeah,
that's not gonna happen.
Really?
And what is it you think
is going to happen, Tara?
You know why you hate
what I did so much?
Because it's something
you would've done.
You've been my teacher,
Gemma,
my old-lady coach
since I came back to Charming.
Thought you would've been
proud of me,
pushing the envelope
to protect my family.
Yeah, there's a lot of things
I'd do to protect my family.
Faking the death of a baby,
that ain't one of them.
Oh, guess I misjudged you.
I didn't realize you had a line
that couldn't be crossed.
Seems you misjudged everyone,
darling.
That's why you're all alone.
Get out of my house.
Or what?
You gonna run me over?
Your bridges
are all burning.
I'd think you'd be trying
to make as many friends
as possible.
I don't need friends.
I have my family.
You honestly believe that,
don't you?
How'd you think
this was gonna play out?
Best-case scenario,
your plan worked.
You divorce Jax,
either you or Wendy
take those boys
on up to Oregon or wherever.
Did you really think
Jax was gonna let that happen?
He'd have no choice.
Do you have any idea
who your husband is?
What he's capable of?
I know him better than you do.
Oh, no.
Clearly you don't.
My son loves deep...
hates deeper.
It's in our genes.
Betrayal is unforgivable.
What you did,
what you were planning to do,
there's no coming back
from that.
All you can do now
is tell him you're sorry
and go away.
I'll never do that.
Not without my sons.
You need to hear this, Tara,
and understand it
on every level.
Thomas and Abel
will not be raised by you.
What you do now will determine
how we deliver that message.
Mommy moved away
or Mommy passed away.
Your call.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Couldn't connect with Lin
or the uncle.
Tried the restaurant,
warehouse. Nothing.
Okay.
Well, I'm gonna make sure
that tomorrow's job
doesn't end up
in a 44-minute gunfight
with 200 sheriffs.
[DIALING]
How do you think this one
plays out, brother?
I don't know, man.
It's hard to unplug
when everybody depends on you
for the power.
[PHONE RINGS]
Yes?
MAN [OVER PHONE]:
I have Jax Teller on the line.
Put him through.
MAN:
Line two.
Mr. Teller,
how can I help you?
We got our license
for Diosa Del Sur today.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Now it's your turn to deliver.
I'll give you Galen O'Shay
within the next 48 hours.
Can you be
a little more specific?
I'll meet you tomorrow,
give you all the details.
Can you prove your end?
I've drafted an immunity deal
for you and the club.
Had my team set up
a plea agreement for Tara.
There's some fines,
community service,
but no jail time.
Good.
Galen will have
a large, well-armed crew.
You're gonna need manpower,
and lots of it.
I'll tell you where and when
to send them tomorrow.
[LINE CLICKS]
Think she'll take the bait?
Depends what it is.
Okay, boys, where to?
Colette's.
So you known Gemma
since she was, like, a kid, huh?
Yeah.
She as crazy then
as she is now? Heh.
I guess.
Jax's ex, this Wendy,
she been clean for a while?
Yeah.
She grow up here
in Charming?
No.
So I guess the cancer's eaten
away that part of your brain
that can hold a conversation.
No, it's eaten away
at my patience
for people
I don't give a shit about.
[CHUCKLES]
For the record,
someone talks to me that way,
I usually grab their ass
out of the car
and throw them a beat-down.
Guess I'm getting a pardon
on account of my sickness.
Hey, look, I've been dead twice.
I've been cut open
three times.
I've got a kid
with spina bifida.
Probably won't make it
till he's 15.
So your cancer,
it don't mean shit to me, man.
I'm trying to make
an effort here
because I know
how much Gemma loves you.
Trust me, I know how hard it is
to earn that.
Thanks for making me feel
like shit.
No problem, homes.
Left side!
[GUNFIRE]
Jump off!
[MAN SPEAKING IN CHINESE]
[TRUCK HORN HONKING]
[CAR HORN HONKS]
[GUNFIRE]
JAX:
Shit.
Jax. You okay?
HAPPY: Pick him up.
JAX:
I'm all right. I'm all right.
MAN:
Out, out, out! Now!
HAPPY: Behind you.
Shit.
CHIBS:
Jackie.
Put them down.
JAX: All right.
All right, man. All right.
[SPEAKING IN CHINESE]
We got no control
over what Galen does.
Get off of him.
Psycho just cut two of my guys
into pieces
and blew up
our goddamn clubhouse.
We got the cartel business
with Henry.
Why would we okay the Irish
to take him out?
Relax.
If I wanted you dead,
I could've killed you
six times already.
Well, what the hell
do you want?
You're getting out
of the guns.
We should have
that business.
The cartel shipments have been
grinding to a halt.
We need the street.
This is our territory.
We own it. We deserve it.
It's not that simple, sir.
Then let me dumb it down
for you, son.
The only way any of you
walk away from here
is if you shut down
the Irish pipeline
and my family take control
over the guns
in Northern Californ.
I guess I don't really
have a choice, do I?
No, you don't.
And you close the deal
when you tell me
where I can find
Mr. Galen O'Shay
and their guns.
I need to even the score
after what they did today.
Galen's got a shipment
coming in tomorrow.
Drop is at a new location.
I'll let you know
when and where.
Okay.
But I'll entertain
one of your men until then.
Keep everyone honest.
I like
the crazy-looking one.
HAPPY:
Get your hands off me.
I'm not letting you
take one of my guys.
Then I keep you.
That ain't happening.
TIG: No, you're not.
I'm cool, boss.
You guys split.
I'll chill
with old Wang Chung.
Get your hands off me.
Tomorrow.
HAPPY:
Get off me.
What are you doing here?
I always come to a hospital
when someone runs me over.
Tell Jax
I don't need a watchdog.
I'm just keeping an eye
on Abel and Thomas.
To make sure
they don't go anywhere
they're not supposed to.
A request
of their grandmother.
Where is he?
I don't know.
Just tell me where he is,
asshole.
Diosa. Stockton.
Meeting with his partner,
Colette.
Here, let me get you
the address.
That's her car down there.
Wendy. You in there?
It's Wayne.
That's smoke, man.
[UNSER GRUNTS]
[BOTH SNIFFING]
Shit, it's coming from inside.
Wendy!
Step back, step back.
Kick right there. Right there.
All right.
[UNSER COUGHS]
NERO: Hey.
UNSER: Oh, man.
Oh, shit.
Over here.
[WENDY COUGHING]
UNSER:
Hey. Over here.
She's breathing.
Help me. Get her up here.
NERO:
All right.
Come on. Come on.
UNSER:
Come on, let's go. Come on.
[WENDY COUGHING]
Ow.
Shit.
Sit down. Sit her right here.
That's it.
Hey, Wendy. Come on.
Hey, kid.
Wake up, come on.
It ain't the smoke, man.
What are you talking about?
Those are fresh.
Oh, shit.
Hey...
I'm glad you were here.
Don't suck up to me now, homes.
It's, like, embarrassing.
[CHUCKLES]
[DOOR BUZZES]
Appreciate you making the trip
on such short notice.
Yeah.
What's this?
I had my lawyer draft
something up quick.
It's a letter of intent.
Turning over assets to you.
My half of T-M, house,
bikes,
whatever I got left
in the bank.
Why you doing this?
Well, because when I drop out,
I won't be able
to file for divorce,
so this gives you everything
without all the hassle.
Yeah.
Okay.
That all set?
Your dropout?
We're working on it.
Well, I...
I hope it all turns out
the way you want it.
Yeah, I'm sure it will.
Thank you.
See you on the other side.
Yeah.
[DOOR BUZZES]
[MICHALE GIOVANNI'S "FEELS GOOD"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
It's busy.
Business handled?
JAX:
For now.
How's things going here?
Good. We're all set.
I'm gonna sit down
with Lyla tomorrow.
Come up with a schedule.
That's great.
Yes, it is.
Make yourselves at home,
gentlemen.
Go on. Unwind.
Tomorrow's a big one.
MAN:
This stings a lot, baby.
Come on,
time for you to unwind.
NERO:
Hey.
Looks like she was trying
to get herself in rehab.
Wayne, pack her a bag.
UNSER:
Where's she going?
Rehab.
The "If you use again,
I'll rip your tits off" rehab.
I love that place.
Come help me.
NERO: Hello?
GEMMA: Come on, babe.
Hey.
Where we going?
Home, sweetheart.
Hi, can I help you?
Um... Yeah.
I'm looking for somebody.
Sure. What's her name?
Oh, it's not a-- Um...
Colette.
She's upstairs
with a client right now.
If you wanna have a seat
and relax,
I'll let you know
as soon as she's done.
Thanks.
Yeah.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
WOMAN:
So am I gonna see you again?
SAILOR:
Yeah, of course.
[BOTH MOANING]
[POP SONG PLAYING INDISTINCTLY
OVER SPEAKERS]
Son of a bitch.
[COLETTE GRUNTING]
Tara. Tara.
Crazy bitch.
Tara.
You stupid piece of shit.
Get off of me.
Go. I got this.
JAX:
Yeah.
Ouch.
Are you okay?
Who the hell was that?
The wife.
Tara!
Hey, Tara!
What are you--?
Stay away from me!
What are you doing
with that?
Look what you did to me.
Oh, God.
What's happening to me?
What happened to me?
[SOBS]
[CAR ENGINE STARTS]
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
[THE WHITE BUFFALO'S "OH DARLIN'
WHAT HAVE I DONE" PLAYING]
♪ Oh, darlin', darlin'
What have I done? ♪
♪ Well, I've been away
From you too long ♪
♪ And all my days
Have turned to darkness ♪
♪ And I believe my heart
Has turned to stone ♪
♪ And oh, darlin', darlin'
What have I done? ♪
♪ Now I don't say
Anything at all ♪
♪ Well, God don't listen
To the noise ♪
♪ Now I'm left here
All alone ♪
♪ Oh, I hear
What the neighbors say ♪
♪ That that poor boy ♪
♪ He's lost his way ♪
♪ And I let the others pray ♪
♪ And oh, darlin', darlin'
What have I done? ♪
♪ Now I do my talking
With a gun ♪
♪ And blood will spill
Into the gutters ♪
♪ And it will stain
The morning sun ♪
♪ Oh, tell me
What the hell I've done ♪
♪ Can I stop at one? ♪
♪ Or have I just begun? ♪
♪ Take out the bodies that live
Oh, Lord, it gets me high ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna get my fill
Of taking lives ♪
♪ Oh, Lord, I don't wanna
Let my baby down ♪
♪ Well, I just wanna give us ♪
♪ Something one of a kind ♪
♪ Oh, darlin', darlin'
What have I done? ♪
♪ Well, I've been astray
From you too long ♪
♪ And all my days
Have turned to darkness ♪
♪ Hell is leaving
The light on ♪
♪ And oh
They'll hang me way up high ♪
♪ And God himself
Will drop me from the sky ♪
♪ And let me swing a while ♪
♪ Oh, darlin', darlin'
What have I done? ♪
[LAUGHING]
♪ Oh, darlin', darlin'
What have I done? ♪
♪ Oh, darlin', darlin' ♪
♪ What have I done? ♪
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
It sounded very urgent,
Dr. Knowles.
It is.
PATTERSON:
Thank you. Are you okay?
No. I'm not.
I'm ready to talk.
Please.
About what?
I want your deal.
Are you in danger?
I don't know. I just wanna
take care of my boys.
I want them
in witness protection.
I'm sorry, that deal's
no longer on the table.
Please don't punish me.
I'm here without a lawyer.
I'll give you whatever you need.
This isn't about me.
I can see that.
I just can't offer that deal
at this time.
There are other things
pending.
Uh...
If you fear for the safety
of you and your boys,
I can help.
No, you can't.
Nobody can help me.
PATTERSON:
Dr. Knowles.
Tara.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]